Do you remember when we were in school?
Are you fighting with the gangsters from the school next door?
I carried it back, hello.
Which school is the nearest?
Here comes a very cute little sister
Very white
That Xiaobai is very good.
Are you talking about that little mute?
Yes, he does have it.
But talk
Almost
He can't speak
But no matter what he does, he can't say it
Pretty exciting.
It hasn't changed, play with him
What do you mean?
I beg your pardon.
Who cares who I am
Shut my mouth
Never say that to me again
I hit you once I see you
Go go go
You said your rich boy
With those gangsters?
There are so many of them.
Didn't you send it to your door to be beaten?
They bully Xiaoya
Huaihua by Xiaoya
Should hit
That's not like you.
I can't die.
If I die
The little girl must be bullied
Are you coming to the hospital soon?
Red dust cannot sleep
Who?
If I die
you
You must help
Help me survive
Lu Zongchi
Over the years
You protect your free run